# Lidia API

This section provides a high-level overview of the Lidia API, focusing on core services for developers. For detailed technical documentation, please refer to our external; [API documentation link](https://dev.lidiacommerce.com/).



<table><thead><tr><th width="150">Services</th><th width="464">Descriptions</th><th width="150" data-type="content-ref">Links</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td><p>LCE Gateway</p><p><br></p></td><td>Learn how to quickly integrate the Lidia Commerce Engine into your application. For detailed instructions, visit the Quickstart documentation.</td><td><a href="lce-gateway.md">lce-gateway.md</a></td></tr><tr><td>Identity</td><td><p>Manages roles, users, authentication and consents</p><p><br></p></td><td><a href="lidia-identity.md">lidia-identity.md</a></td></tr><tr><td>Metadata</td><td>Manages product, category, trademark and list data. This is the PIM (Product Information Management) of the Lidia Platform.</td><td><a href="lidia-metadata.md">lidia-metadata.md</a></td></tr><tr><td><p>Inventory</p><p><a href="https://docs.lidiacommerce.com/archive/architecture/services/lidia-metadata"><br></a></p></td><td><p>Manages store, warehouse and inventory data. Inventory concept includes SKU's, price and stock.</p><p><a href="https://docs.lidiacommerce.com/archive/architecture/services/lidia-metadata"><br></a></p></td><td><a href="lidia-inventory.md">lidia-inventory.md</a></td></tr><tr><td><p>Content</p><p><a href="https://docs.lidiacommerce.com/archive/architecture/services/lidia-inventory"><br></a></p></td><td><p>Manages storefronts(showcases), menus and dynamic pages, acts as a headless CMS for your application.</p><p><a href="https://docs.lidiacommerce.com/archive/architecture/services/lidia-inventory"><br></a></p></td><td><a href="lidia-content.md">lidia-content.md</a></td></tr><tr><td>Order</td><td><p>Manages cart, orders, deliveries and claims (cancellation, return).</p><p><a href="https://docs.lidiacommerce.com/archive/architecture/services/lidia-content"><br></a></p></td><td><a href="lidia-order.md">lidia-order.md</a></td></tr><tr><td>Marketing</td><td><p>Manages promotions and coupons with a smart condition-award engine.</p><p><a href="https://docs.lidiacommerce.com/archive/architecture/services/lidia-order"><br></a></p></td><td><a href="lidia-marketing.md">lidia-marketing.md</a></td></tr><tr><td>Organization</td><td><p>Manages organizations, branches, contacts for your application.</p><p><a href="https://docs.lidiacommerce.com/archive/architecture/services/lidia-marketing"><br></a></p></td><td><a href="lidia-organization.md">lidia-organization.md</a></td></tr><tr><td>Subscription</td><td> Manages subscription-based services, including renewals, cancellations, and customer access.</td><td><a href="lidia-subscription.md">lidia-subscription.md</a></td></tr><tr><td>Collector</td><td>Gathers and consolidates data from multiple sources, enabling comprehensive analytics and reporting.</td><td><a href="lidia-collector.md">lidia-collector.md</a></td></tr><tr><td>Notifications</td><td>Manages the creation and delivery of notifications to users, ensuring timely updates for various events.</td><td><a href="lidia-notification.md">lidia-notification.md</a></td></tr><tr><td>Delivery</td><td>Handles the logistics of order delivery, integrating with shipping providers and managing tracking information.</td><td><a href="lidia-delivery.md">lidia-delivery.md</a></td></tr><tr><td>Case</td><td>Manages customer service cases, providing tools for tracking, resolving, and reporting issues.</td><td><a href="lidia-case.md">lidia-case.md</a></td></tr><tr><td>Social</td><td>Integrates social media platforms and enables social commerce functionalities within the application.</td><td><a href="lidia-social.md">lidia-social.md</a></td></tr><tr><td>Document</td><td>Manages document storage and retrieval, facilitating the handling of contracts, invoices, and other critical files.</td><td><a href="lidia-document.md">lidia-document.md</a></td></tr><tr><td>Commander</td><td>Provides tools for administrators to control and configure system-wide settings and operations.</td><td><a href="lidia-commander.md">lidia-commander.md</a></td></tr><tr><td>Analytics</td><td>Collects and analyzes data across your digital commerce platform, providing insights into performance, customer behavior, and sales trends.</td><td><a href="lidia-analytics.md">lidia-analytics.md</a></td></tr><tr><td>Procurement</td><td><p></p><p>Manages supplier relationships, purchase orders, and procurement workflows to streamline the sourcing of products and services.</p><p></p></td><td><a href="lidia-procurement.md">lidia-procurement.md</a></td></tr><tr><td>Search</td><td>Powers the search functionality, enabling users to efficiently find products, categories, and content within the application.</td><td><a href="lidia-search.md">lidia-search.md</a></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr></tbody></table>
